---
title: Bomb Rush Cyberfunk  Review
date: "2024-05-25T12:00:00.000Z"
description: "The Royal Limited is a fantastic strategic and thematic solo game."
tags: ["Review", "Highly Recommend", "Video Game"]
thumbnail: "./the_royal_limited.png"
pros: []
cons: []
review: "Highly Recommended"
buy_links: []
conclusion: "Overall Bomb Rush Cyberfunk is a great game and likely my favourite in 2023 but I do think time spent learning what did and didn’t work from JSRF does feel lacking in regards to the middling level design, police and boss battles. We will also have to see if the newly announced Jet Set Radio game will help spur innovation and refinement of this niche genre."
relatedPosts:
hidden: true
---

TLDR: Bomb Rush Cyberfunk is a worthy successor to Jet Set Radio Future (JSRF) though it does suffer from some minor issues.that could be improved/fixed in a sequel or DLC. While some other issues could have already been fixed in updates as I waited to play the game four months after release.

Firstly, the movement mechanics are great with the addition of leaning into corners feeling super satisfying. Pulling off combos and learning the best ways to navigate across the levels is fun and often distracted me from whatever goal I was actually supposed to be doing. There are three types of equipment with skates, skateboards and bicycles to use, though from what I could tell they behave exactly the same. But each of these need to be used to access certain areas and rooms in levels, forcing you to use a variety.

This brings me onto the most consistent minor issue with the lack of tutorials on a few small mechanics that I didn’t discover organically. There is a special high jump that you can only use if you unequip your movement equipment which is only required once to access a single graffiti spot on a later level. I only discovered this jump after looking up a video on getting to that graffiti with many commenters also saying they had no idea it existed. The next mechanic which wasn’t explained was the aforementioned equipment specific areas which were never directly introduced or referenced in conversations. The bike areas are obvious due to the big symbol on the doors which stand out on the levels, so I discovered these early on. But the skateboard specific areas are unmarked fire hydrants that you can spin on top to access higher areas, even though there are non-interactive fire hydrants on some levels. The skate areas are reinforced glass on the floors that have to be skated on to destroy. I feel that both of these issues could have been easily fixed with extra conversations introducing them during the other tutorials.

This brings me onto the story and levels which are the most middling aspects of the game. The story is certainly serviceable but didn’t have any characters or themes that really interested me and mainly acts as a reason to get you to the next level. As you navigate the levels you encounter the different crews that control each level and beat them by covering their graffiti and winning score battles.This is the main gameplay loop during the story progression, though you may want to explore the level further to 100% complete the graffiti or collect more equipment/character skins and music. Each level has about 20 to 30 of these spread around in difficult to reach or hidden areas, so a lot of my hours were spent searching high and low for these. There is a huge amount of characters available that you unlock from the story and side challenges, meaning you will certainly have a character design you will like. Most characters also have four skins which are palette swaps. Swapping skins is done via portable toilets placed around the levels and are essential as they clear all police heat you currently have, which gets gained from doing graffiti. As the police heat level increases, more difficult enemies will attempt to arrest you, starting from normal policemen to snipers, mechs and more. While I understand that police were part of Jet Set Radio’s DNA and that most people will want some challenge while completing the levels, I found that police were just annoying rather than an actual threat as I would just head to the nearest toilet to clear the heat making it more of a time-wasting nuisance than challenge.

Going back to the story there are also a few boss battles fighting police and a few unique enemies that are almost as awkward as there were over 20 years ago in JSRF. I really feel that this area could have been improved upon after so many years to reflect on how awkward boss battles relying on precision skating can be, especially with a camera that I only felt interfered with my gameplay during these battles. Completing this story only took me about 13 hours with another 14 hours spent doing achievements and collectables, along with gaining characters that I had missed earlier.

One thing I haven’t mentioned is the graffiti mechanic which requires drawing a pattern by joining dots, with more complex patterns on larger graffiti walls. You unlock additional graffiti as you explore giving more variety, though I often just drew a random pattern. There’s not much else to that mechanic but the graffiti has been drawn by many different artists with most looking great with only a few pieces looking a bit ugly.

The music doesn’t quite hit the same level as JSRF but there are many great tracks and artists I have now discovered from this game. You can choose which tracks and mixtapes to play via the phone UI which has other features including a minimap and camera.

I only had a few minor bugs from getting stuck on geometry that I was eventually able to free myself from, with no crashes and generally good performance apart from a few stutters.

There is a taxi mechanic to make it easier to move directly between levels, but I found this annoying as you need to interact with the taxi sign to unlock it for this map. I didn’t realise this until I finished the story and needed to use the taxis, to find I hadn’t unlocked them on any level. The location of the taxi signs on each level is also a bit weird with some being in good central locations while others being awkward such as the Pyramid Island location higher up in the level. I think many levels would have benefited from at least two taxi locations spread across the map, along with a quick teleport button back to the hideout.

Finally I do want to discuss the level design as I do find some areas and specific levels lacking in a good skating flow that I found in the best JSRF levels. The hideout felt great to skate around, but the first level of Versum hill feels awkwardly designed for a skating game as it features a large open hill with steps that limit the sections you can easily skate and combo. It also has areas with transitions and corridors structured in a way to prevent combos between each section of the level. Millenium mall has some good smaller rooms with good verticality but is focused around a huge open area with skating focused around the edges, this results in an area with limited player expression as you only have limited paths to go follow. Based on the use of the mech enemy as a repeated boss, I think they designed these open areas due to issues with enemy AI and model sizes which really counters the freedom of choosing your own path and combos while navigating. The later Pyramid Island level is a lot better as you can jump between many fences and rails instead of following the set paths, though it also includes an unnecessary combo preventing transition to access the higher section of the level when coming from the lower section. The Mattan level I think is the worst offender of the restrictive maps with little to no verticality and branching paths, even though it has so much theming potential as a neon lit area full of nightlife. While Brink Terminal is my favourite level due to the interconnections between the areas of the map with transitions only needed for a few minor sections of the level. Though that level borrows a lot from the Shibuya Terminal level in JSRF. I do think there were uninteresting levels in JSRF, but the higher level count there helped provide a greater number of memorable maps that felt great to navigate.

### Conclusion
